For a global technology leader built on 50 years of innovation, collaboration and engineering excellence, we are looking for a seasoned, experienced IT professional with a full understanding of the area of specialization who resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways.

About the role    

The Lead Java Engineer is a key member of the development organization. Led by the strategic direction of the General Manager, the ideal candidate for this position will be the driving force behind the successful development of our product line. The Lead Java Engineer will work within an agile development organization and be accountable for refining software requirements, providing development estimates, designing and implementing software and managing timeline commitments.


Competencies

Plans, designs, develops and tests software systems or applications for software enhancements and new products.

Knowledge: Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways. Some barriers to entry exist at this level (e.g., dept/peer review). Level at which career may plateau.
Job Complexity: Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.
Supervision: Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other personnel (Team Lead).
Experience: Typically requires a minimum of 6 years of related experience. At this level, post-graduate coursework may be desirable.
 

Qualifications


Hands-on experience with developing Java applications, strong coding skills.
Experience with JavaScript, TypeScript & Node.js is advantage.
Practical experience in working on complex software projects.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience in REST API web services implementation.
Exposure to Agile development methodologies.
Knowledge of software design patterns, design-driven development, QA, CI/CD, DevOps.
Skilled in providing technical guidance, mentoring and inspiring software engineers.
Bachelor’s degree or higher, preferably in computer science.
Úroveň pracovních zkušeností
Střední služební věk
Druh zaměstnání
Plný úvazek
Pracovní funkce
DesignUmění a tvorbaInženýrství
Obory
Informační technologie a službyPočítačový software